Flesh out 'Deploy', sidequest to update 'Get Started' (#540)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/_snippets/deployment-options-overview.md

> **Quick start option**
> 
> * [**Local development**](/solutions/search/run-elasticsearch-locally.md): Get started quickly with {{es}} and {{kib}} in Docker for local development and testing.
> 
> **Hosted options**
> 
> * [**Elastic Cloud Hosted**](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/cloud-hosted.md): Our hosted Elastic Stack offering, deployed in the cloud with your provider of choice. Sign up for a [14-day free trial](https://cloud.elastic.co/registration).
> * [**Elastic Cloud Serverless**](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/serverless.md): Create serverless projects for autoscaled and fully managed Elastic deployments. Sign up for a [14-day free trial](https://cloud.elastic.co/serverless-registration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Quick start options**

* [**Elastic Cloud**](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud.md): Get a hosted solution up and running in minutes.
   * [**Elastic Cloud Hosted**](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/cloud-hosted.md): Our hosted Elastic Stack offering, deployed in the cloud with your provider of choice. Sign up for a [14-day free trial](https://cloud.elastic.co/registration).
   * [**Elastic Cloud Serverless**](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/serverless.md): Create serverless projects for autoscaled and fully managed Elastic deployments. Sign up for a [14-day free trial](https://cloud.elastic.co/serverless-registration).
* [**Local development**](/solutions/search/run-elasticsearch-locally.md): Get started quickly with {{es}} and {{kib}} in Docker for local development and testing.
```

I understand 1 path is best to get started, but aren't we Cloud 1st?

Author: :chef-kiss-one-true:
